Slight update to the comparison table (#1647)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/comparison_to_alternatives.md

|   | Meilisearch | Algolia | Typesense | Elasticsearch |
|---|:---:|:----:|:---:|:---:|
| API Key Management | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |

> | Tenant tokens & multi-tenant indexes | ✅ <br> [Multitenancy support](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/security/tenant_tokens.html) | ✅  <br> Hard filters are not configurable per index for an end-user tenant key | ✅ <br> Hard filters are not configurable per index for an end-user tenant key | ✅ <br> Role-based |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tenant tokens & multi-tenant indexes | ✅ <br> [Multitenancy support](/learn/security/tenant_tokens.md) | ✅  <br> Hard filters are not configurable per index for an end-user tenant key | ✅ <br> Hard filters are not configurable per index for an end-user tenant key | ✅ <br> Role-based |
```

Author: my bad, sorry @maryamsulemani97 I forgot about this

| Self-hosted | ✅  | ❌  | ✅  | ✅ |
| Official 1-click deploy | ✅ <br> [DigitalOcean](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/meilisearch) <br> [Platform.sh](https://console.platform.sh/projects/create-project?template=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformsh/template-builder/master/templates/meilisearch/.platform.template.yaml) | ❌ | 🔶 <br>Only for the cloud-hosted solution | ❌ |
| Official cloud-hosted solution | [Join the beta](https://meilisearch.typeform.com/to/FtnzvZfh?typeform-source=comparative-table) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |

> | High availability | Available with [Meilisearch Cloud]([url](https://meilisearch.typeform.com/to/FtnzvZfh?typeform-source=www.meilisearch.com)) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| High availability | Available with [Meilisearch Cloud](https://meilisearch.typeform.com/to/FtnzvZfh?typeform-source=www.meilisearch.com) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
```

Author: Thanks @maryamsulemani97  I messed up
